Time goes round again
I went back to China for 12 miles again
This time I'm going to save everyone
You are
Ah, are you crazy?
Stanford Genius Doctor
Nobel Prize in Medicine winner Yanling Fu
I know you are great
But please put away your doctor's kindness
I don't need you to help me heal
Get away from me now
inexplicable
Ah, Doctor Fu wants to be perfunctory
This is the only way
Ah sir
Be careful old man
Oops, are you alright? Oops.
I'm fine, I'm fine
Girl, you saved me
Oh, thank you, you don't have to thank me.
You're fine.
Ouch, I heard the nurse at the hospital say
Your wife is undergoing chemotherapy
Difficult at home
I have a card here.
There is some money in it.
You can take it and use it first, no, no.
Girl, I can't take your money
Just take it.
Oh, dear.
Ma'am, are you okay? I'm okay
Madam, aren't you blind?
How did you see the flower pot fall?
I heard it.
Blind people have better hearing.
This statement is too far-fetched
Could it be that Xia Meng didn't actually go down?